[DEV-617] Device metadata docs (#382)
tryVital/docs: docs/changelog/wearables/api.mdx

import HorizonAIBeta from '/snippets/horizon-ai-beta.mdx';

### Device metadata and source device tracking (August 2025)

We have added device tracking with new API endpoints and enhanced data attribution.

> Data payloads now include `source.device_id` when the originating device can be determined, enabling better tracking and device-specific analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eligible data resources now include `source.device_id` when the originating device can be determined, enabling better tracking and device-specific analytics.

Check out the [Device ID attribution documentation](/wearables/providers/data-attributions#device-id) on what data resources are eligible for Device ID attributions in this initial release.
```

Author: Should the `Device ID attribution documentation` reference be outside of the details accordion?

<Accordion icon="devices" iconType="duotone" title="Details" defaultOpen>

The new [Get User Devices](/api-reference/data/device/get-devices) and [Get Device Details](/api-reference/data/device/get-device) endpoints allow you to retrieve detailed device information for connected users.

We've also added [Provider Device Created](/event-catalog/provider.device.created) and [Provider Device Updated](/event-catalog/provider.device.updated) webhook events to notify you when device information becomes available or changes.

> #### Enhanced Data Attribution
> 
> Check out the [Device ID attribution documentation](/wearables/providers/data-attributions#device-id) for detailed provider coverage and supported scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

import HorizonAIBeta from '/snippets/horizon-ai-beta.mdx';

### Device metadata and source device tracking (August 2025)

We have added device tracking with new API endpoints and enhanced data attribution.
Data payloads now include source_device_id when the originating device can be determined, enabling better tracking and device-specific analytics.

<Accordion icon="devices" iconType="duotone" title="Details" defaultOpen>

The new [Get User Devices](/api-reference/data/device/get-devices) and [Get Device Details](/api-reference/data/device/get-device) endpoints allow you to retrieve detailed device information for connected users.

We've also added [Provider Device Created](/event-catalog/provider.device.created) and [Provider Device Updated](/event-catalog/provider.device.updated) webhook events to notify you when device information becomes available or changes.

#### Enhanced Data Attribution

Data payloads now include `source_device_id` whenever the originating device is known with certainty. This currently applies to:

- **Withings**: Device metadata embedded in payloads
- **Polar**: Device metadata embedded in payloads

> - **Single-device connections**: For all other providers where exactly one device is registered

Author: Good points, adressed the comments [f488a2c](https://github.com/tryVital/docs/pull/382/commits/f488a2ce8a3f3d50cca6fa6f20ede572984beb19)
